[Fix] Forward proxy CP info for Konnect (#5410)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/index.md

{:.note}
> **Note:** Kong does not host runtime instances. You must install and host your own.

### Forward proxy support

> Kong Konnect supports using non-transparent forward proxies to connect your {{site.base_gateway}} data plane with the {{site.konnect_saas}} control plane. Instructions for this feature can be found in the {{site.base_gateway}} documentation under [Forward proxy connections](/gateway/latest/production/networking/cp-dp-proxy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.konnect_product_name}} supports using non-transparent forward proxies to connect your {{site.base_gateway}} data plane with the {{site.konnect_saas}} control plane. Instructions for this feature can be found in the {{site.base_gateway}} documentation under [Forward proxy connections](/gateway/latest/production/networking/cp-dp-proxy/).
```

## More information

- [Upgrade a runtime instance](/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/upgrade/)
- [Renew certificates](/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/renew-certificates/) - Renew your data plane certificates
- [Backup and restore](/konnect/runtime-manager/backup-restore/) - Back up and restore {{site.konnect_short_name}} using declarative configuration
- [Forward proxy connections](/gateway/latest/production/networking/cp-dp-proxy/) - Allow runtime instances to communicate with {{site.konnect_short_name}} through a forward proxy
- [Runtime parameter reference](/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/runtime-parameter-reference/) - Reference for the default configuration parameters used in runtime instance installation
- [Analytics dashboard](/konnect/analytics/) - Monitor and analyze your runtime instances, as well as specific entities

> - [Troubleshooting documentation](/konnect/runtime-manager/troubleshoot/) - Common troubleshooting instruction documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Troubleshooting documentation](/konnect/runtime-manager/troubleshoot/) - Common runtime manager troubleshooting instruction documentation.
```
